<div align="center">
    <img src="https://i.imgur.com/GOGaHkq.jpg" align="center" alt="MIEI">
    <br>
    <br>
    <strong><i>🔴 Rastros - Laboratórios de Informática II</i></strong>
    <br>
    <br>
    <br>
    <a href="https://github.com/andreubita/li2-201920/issues">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/andreubita/li2-201920.svg?style=for-the-badge&colorB=37f149" alt="Issues">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/andreubita/li2-201920/pulls">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/andreubita/li2-201920?style=for-the-badge&colorB=37f149" alt="Pull Requests">
    </a>
</div>
<br>
<br>

## PL6 - Grupo 8 🧔
- André Filipe Novais Vaz - A93221
- Ricardo Lopes Santos Silva - A93195
- Benjamim Meleiro Rodrigues - A93323

## Relatórios 📝
- [Guião 5](https://github.com/andreubita/li2-201920/blob/master/relatorios/Guiao5_relatorio.md)